Namo Buddha Shakyamuni. My
friend Tran Thai Nguyen wants to ask directly
what needs to be done to harmonize the discussions among
friends. He mentioned that once, while
studying with members of the
youth club in Hai Phong, some friends
offered so many opinions that it was difficult to
hear their own comments. Regarding my own situation,
when I saw my friends
presenting their views, I wanted to ask my mother for help,
but she only addressed them concisely. Namo
Buddha Shakyamuni. Greetings to all
international Buddhist followers. We have
meetings to discuss
Buddhist matters and our duties.
Sometimes,
we let people have their own sense of
self-awareness, and we don't
incorporate the proper way of holding meetings.
Therefore, sometimes people on
my side talk, meaning they stray from the
main issue, so the
meeting drags on, and the
points we need to address are not
resolved. We must adhere to
the rules of meetings in real life.  That also establishes
a meeting rule that emphasizes thoughtful consideration and great
respect.
Before organizing a meeting,
you should outline the main points of the meeting, giving
everyone time to think.
Then, you should create a
registration form for responses, with each
response limited
to 3 or 25 minutes.
We should base this on the meeting time to
create effective meeting rules. The
meeting chair
has the authority to
continue the meeting,
allow additional speeches, or
stop someone if their comments are off-topic.
We should address each point individually, ensuring the chair understands the
content being discussed
and how to transition between
topics.  So, after finishing the
first item, we have to finalize
it. Once that's done,
no one else should come to the meeting to give their
opinion. For example, in
this meeting, if we don't invite anyone else to give their opinion,
we'll finalize all 10
items one by one. Once we've finalized everything,
we move on to the
second round, where we give additional
feedback. After the additional feedback returns to the
first item, we sign
this feedback a second time. We only
give a maximum of one letter per person, and it's only 2 minutes.
Greetings, esteemed fellow practitioners! That way, the
meetings are very effective, and as the
chairperson, I'm
more conscious of the meeting, I have a more thoughtful approach, and
I think deeply about the content.
Therefore, when
everyone has given their opinions, I can
simply add to and
refine my own ideas,
and I'll be able to make
very insightful decisions.  It's very appropriate,
and that's how the
chairperson can gain high credibility and
avoid being criticized by those below them for being
rude. Because if
we organize a meeting where the people
below haven't prepared their thinking at all,
they think very subjectively and
don't want to have an overall perspective. They
just volunteer to speak up and express
their own opinions, sometimes even including their own personal frustrations, which makes the
meeting unconnected. My suggestion is that for
a meeting, we need a
clear, detailed, and specific process.
For each
topic, I'm the chairperson,
or there are 45 people in
the group, and most importantly,
we will present the structure of each
item. That is, today we're learning 10
items. The first item is
what opinions we need, and
everyone will express their opinions accordingly.
Adding to this, other opinions
will be added: if we want to have
a really high-quality meeting,
we must have a very thorough meeting preparation log. That
way, the meeting will yield
high results, keep everyone
entertained, and eliminate all
unthinking and thoughtless opinions
from others. Then we'll have
a really good meeting, okay?
[Music]
[Applause]